But as far as I know
Mr. Yun Mo has been in recent years
No paintings have come out yet.
This painting
It seems that the painting does not exceed three days
Must be fake
Miss Song
Excuse me.
Is the person who indulged Mr. Yun Mo himself?
Did I guess wrong?
Ah, then this must be false
qiuwan
This painting was given to you by that brat, right?
I already said he was a liar
Today, I invited Master Qinghe to come over
Just to give you an appreciation of this painting
I'm afraid you will be deceived.
Master Qinghe has already seen your work
Today, as long as you agree
Master Qinghe can accept you as a closed disciple
Autumn
Although Master Qinghe is a little different from Master Yunmo
But I can still help you.
You are really haunted
I brought such a thing here again today to be funny
Why are you here?
Didn't you buy a painting for your room two days ago?
I accidentally gave it away.
I want to come to you to empty it for free.
Who knows it hasn't come in yet?
I heard someone fooling people here
Boy what do you mean
Do you despise Qinghe?
Yes, I just look down on you
Presumptuous boy
Master Qinghe is one of the top ten painters on the list
Except for Master Yun Mo
No one dares to say that they can crush Master Qinghe
clear
If Wan can become Master Qinghe's closed disciple
Whether it is speech or identity
White paper dry head goes further?
You said his first 11 thieves